# MSMC Transport Carrier // 2.21.5014u
Alright Coffin Stuffers, I got a job for you. This one comes down the pipeline from Union Anti-Piracy in conjunction with **IPS-N**. There's an Omninet Relay a few AUs from the Coridai Blink Gate that's gone silent. Union says that before the relay went silent, there were reports of pirates functioning in the system, thus the collaboration with IPS-N. Coridai itself is a tomb world, the nerds back on Cradle say it was destroyed by a gamma ray burst a few thousand years ago. I'm saying the place is dangerous.

This system is heavily regulated, whoever takes this job has express permission to enter the system. There's a Gate Station that we will drop you and a light transport ship at, but the rest of us aren't allowed in. After the relay is fixed, hail us and we'll jump back and pick you up.

Meet with the **IPS-N** Trunk Security detachment at the Coridai Omninet station, they should be able to point you to where you need to go.

# Debriefing -----------------------------------

Glowing reviews from Admiral Walsh recruits. **Captain Kendrick** is a wily old fuck, so the fact that you impressed him is impresseive in its own right. As for that knew ship y'all took -- Spirit of Fire is it? -- command has authorized your team to be the stewards of it. Official designation is going to be "MSCV 671-a Spirit of Fire". Welcome to the fleet I guess.

As for the mission itself, you successfully returned the Omninet Relay, killed the Legionspace anomaly that broke through, and got the net up and running again. Kudos kiddos, take a rest for a few days, you've earned it.

--**York**