# MSMC Transport Carrier // 2.21.5014u
~~Alright Corpses, I got a job for you. This one comes down the pipeline from Union Peacekeeping in conjunction with **Harrison Armory**. At the end of the Andrah-Sintara Starway is a backwater system called Marat. Marat barely has any significance beyond being a Blink Gate system, but there's a lonely little planet there called **Hon** that has a suprisingly large metropolitan center on it. Being as far from Union core-space as this system is, Marat has had some trouble with warlords in the past. They've mostly been self regulating until this point, but the tribes of Marat have started to organize into their own army.

Union Intelligence tells us they're rallying under the banner of a man named **Roh-Nin** and have been expanding their reach across Marat, currently they control **Hon** and have been seen rallying forces. Eggheads think they're going to target Danwa station, and eventually the Marat Blink Gate.

Understandably, taking this job means less potential jobs in the future, as nothing is more lucrative to us than a good war, but a buddy of mine at Union Peacekeeping asked if we'd take a look. Either way, win or lose, **Roh-Nin** has shown himself to be a sneaky prick, so don't expect this to be over with one mission.~~

Got an update on this one recruits. **Roh-Nin**'s forces were way more organized than HA thought to tell us, either that or they just didn't know. Either way which one is worse I don't get paid enough to know.

For now, we're monitoring the situation, if **Roh-Nin**'s forces move to exit the system, or to attack the Blink Gate station, we'll be there. For now, we have no clue where he even went. Union intelligence is reporting that they no longer have reports of him on-world, and y'alls experience with his mech makes me hesitant to believe he's off-world. Either way. Good job rookies, take a rest, you've earned it.
--**York**